First of all. I would like to thank you very much for giving me a golden opportunity and gave me a scholarship for previous courses. That approval of scholarship gave me certificates as well as knowledge. That was the dream come true moment for me. 

The scholarship you provided on the previous courses has given me new hope for my life. Due to that, I can show them in my resume, website and take as proof of my knowledge. 

I will try my best to tell you my reasons for applying for aid:
(1) I live in an underdeveloped country Nepal and want to solve the emerging problem of this era.
(2) I am only 16 and " Physics + Computer Science" has been my passion since last year.  I am a student studying physics under scholarship in my country and I am hardly able to pay for my study as well. I can't even manage to pay $200 a year.
(3) Due to my deep interested in technical things my uncle gifted me a laptop and neighbor for internet facility. 
(4) None of my family has access to MasterCard, visa card, PayPal or anything. Only local banks.
(5) I have completed a lot of courses with a 90%+ score due to the great scholarship given by your team.
(6) Here in developing and underdeveloped countries. Certificate is valued so so much and nothing is done without it. 
(7) I have read various books and have some in a library nearby which I can use to company this course. 
(9) I did a 4-week course in 6 days studying more than 10 hours a day as I have a holiday nowadays.
(10) I want to apply physics and want to understand einstein better.
 
thank you so much and I hope you understand my problem. Everything I mentioned is true and I promise it with my life.


I have owed my life to studying and have been always alone reading these topics and rejecting all plans said by friends as it will take away some time when I can study physics.

 My goal and what I want to do utilizing physics:

I am only 16 and physics with computer science has been my passion since last year.
Even though I am living in a poor country Nepal. I want to utilize physics for developing my country and this world. I want to utilize the resources available here. I want to innovate something using physics and computers. Everything is polluted here. Acid rain. Problem of breathing and diseased people have been gradually increasing in recent years.  

None of my friends seem to care about these problems saying we are only 16. These are works of big men. So I am always alone and thinking so much about these problems. I want to utilize what I learn for solving daily lives problem. I always think if not today when. If not now when. Also, Einstein is my favorite Scientist and understanding him will make me closer to achieving my goal.

How will this course help me?

 Larry Randles Lagerstrom is the most engaging and the best people whose course provides me everything I require and coving very wide range of topics. I don't think any great people can teach better than him. He is the academic director at Stanford which makes me imagine this hard work and brilliance. I am already deprived of many courses and websites only because I don't have money. I want to learn and get accessed to quizzes and all materials. Certificate has very very much value in our country Nepal. I have my sole passion driving me to this field and solve the emerging problem with modern physics and quantum. 

 I am also free some weeks from now and will be able to complete everything.